excited to be with everybody today kind
of share some of the lessons that that
we learned as a go to market engine
along along our journey at Divi
um it was very very quick in in a lot of
ways we went from our First
Institutional round of funding to
getting acquired in in about four years
right in a two and a half billion dollar
exit and we're gonna we're gonna spend
some time talking about the things that
that helped us do that
this is how it looked right First
Institutional money in 18 getting bought
by Bill in 21. I joined Divi just a
little bit before we raised that series
a so got to see essentially the entire
the entirety of of this story play out I
say a lot that I have a multi-billion
dollar education and I mean that from
the bottom of my heart because if I
could go back to to that to that moment
in in 2018 with everything that that
we've learned along the way we could we
could have added more we could have
added a couple billion more dollars I
believe to that eventual exit so the
things that I'm going to talk to you
about are are lessons and learnings that
I hold very dear because they were
expensive to me and and the people that
uh that I that we that we built this
business with
okay
one thing that always cracks me up when
I kind of talk about the story and you
know it was it was quick it was four
years and we did all these things is
people kind of assumed that you might
have gotten to skip a step
I promise we didn't get to skip any
steps we just got to cram all of the
learnings and all of the experiences
into a very condensed time frame and
that meant that if we were going to stay
if we were going to stay on top of it we
had to accelerate our rate of learning
we started with a base and a belief that
we wanted to do something very special
very unique so what kind of a team were
we trying to cultivate
we wrote this out as as a revenue team
and and we lived by it we believed that
everybody deserved to know what it felt
like to be part of a high performing
team
and we compared it to to sports and
running out of the tunnel on a Friday
night with the bright lights on
everybody deserved in our opinion
feel what that felt like and to to work
with people to the left and to the right
of you who were absolute experts at what
they did
that we believe that we were responsible
for helping each other become the best
versions of ourselves that meant we were
very high on accountability and we we
wouldn't tolerate less than a full
effort from from ourselves and from our
teammates
that all led to us outlining a couple of
very important things and this is
important to talk about before we talk
about operating models because you can
have the best models in the world if you
don't have the underlying team and the
underlying structure it will do you no
good that is literal lipstick on a pig
so these were the key traits of of our
high performing teams I'm not going to
read them all to you but I want to
highlight a couple of the big ones we
believe that chasing ambitious goals was
a fun thing
sure it's daunting sure it's stressful
but it's also ambitious energizing
invigorating and we had a blast doing it
together
we believed very strongly in extreme
ownership
if you haven't read the book by Jocko
willink highly recommend it we add
everybody who joined the revenue team
read the book and write a book report
because we believed that extreme
ownership at the end of the day was what
was going to separate us in many regards
and then we also believed that that
speed was of the essence
every single time the answer of when to
act was now the time to take an action
was now and we believed in that just
important as what you as the traits that
you want to have are the ones that you
need to avoid
again we spelled this out these were
Well published
um throughout throughout our team in our
years at Divi so we do not on our team
have excuses so again when you write
these when you write these traits down
you give everybody license to hold
themselves in each other accountable so
in many many meetings you know somebody
would say something and be like well
that that kind of sounds like an excuse
and we don't make we don't make excuses
on on this team we believed strongly in
in a principle that we would not be
disloyal to those not present meaning if
you aren't if you aren't in the room you
don't get to to have a negative
conversation about somebody we will
engage in conflict and we will have
discussions and debates and
disagreements but we won't do it behind
each other's backs okay that was an
important one for us and uh and then the
last one that I'll highlight here is
that there there is no room for
passengers when you're trying to build
something really big when you're trying
to do it really quickly you cannot have
passengers
everybody has to be engaged everybody
has to be driving everybody has to be
pushing and moving forward and so for us
we needed we needed to make sure that
there were no passengers on on our team
so again I I started with this because
operating operating models can be wildly
helpful they can improve so many parts
of your business we're going to talk
about six that we used at Divi but
they're only great when your team is
and also as we go through the rest of
the the presentation here I want to make
sure everybody knows that what I'm
talking about and the successes and the
learnings that we've had they're the
result of of Blood Sweat and Tears
poured over years by very talented men
and women and and they're almost like in
spite of me not because of me and I'm
just telling you what I what I got to
learn along the way great team is the
foundation of it all
okay so these are the six and we're
gonna we're gonna spend a little bit of
time on each aligning the funnel budget
quota goal shorten the cycle t3b3 name
number and Northstar cell design build
number one
align the funnel in that in the intro
video you saw a principle that we talked
about at Divi all of the time it's
called swing so for those of you who
aren't familiar with crew or rowing
swing is when the or the paddle of each
person in the boat is hitting the water
at the exact same time is pulling back
with the exact same amount of force
because if anything happens in this in
this little boat if anyone's out of sync
that boat's gonna Veer off course that
boat's gonna flip not good things are
going to happen so the first principle
the the first operating model we had is
aligning the funnel
the way that we started this was
actually with with me because as as the
cro I was responsible for Marketing
sales implementation customer success
customer support and revenue operations
so it behooved me to make sure that
everything was aligned because if it
wasn't working there was nowhere to hide
there was no excuse that I could make I
couldn't you know blame the VP of
marketing I couldn't you know blame our
churn problems on on customer success it
was it was ultimately all on on me and
this was a very powerful tool for us to
align our funnel let me give you a
specific example of how this model
played out we would take each stage from
marketing all the way through customer
support and we would actually measure
and compensate the group
one stage below where they were actually
like responsible so what does that look
like marketing we didn't we didn't talk
about mqls or sqls we actually talked
about closed one new dollars that's how
marketing was was measured that's how
they were promoted and compensated bonus
all of all of those kinds of things
sales it wasn't just on new logos it was
based on what they did during their
first 90 days of implementation
okay so we would force we would push
everybody's accountability One Step
deeper in the funnel because what does
that do well automatically now that that
sales rep who has who has responsibility
for what goes on when they're at the
next stage of the funnel and
implementation well they start to they
start to sell a little differently they
start to prep you for onboarding a
little differently they start to care
about things that they didn't care about
before and Bam you have more alignment
in your funnel which allows you to go
much much faster
every second that you spend with
friction in that funnel is costing you
business and it's costing you time
and it costs you a lot of emotional
energy as well you're supposed to be out
there taking on the market you don't
want to have internal friction within
your own funnel which is wildly common
the second the second model here is is
one that we call Budget quota goal
a lot of people have a a challenge you
want to go to a board meeting you want
to present to the CEO and you want to
have a plan that you can beat
okay you want to you want to exceed
expectations right but on the other hand
you don't want to sandbag you don't want
to leave growth on the table and and so
how do you balance this you're also in
the middle of all this trying to manage
a culture and and I'm a firm believer
that this is a momentum game and if you
can get wins they turn into more wins
and if you start taking losses they can
quickly spiral into into more losses so
what budget quota goal is a financial
framework that we would use the budget
number is what we would essentially
present on to to the board this is the
board number this is the number that
come hell or high water we are not going
to miss and there is some conservatism
baked into this number okay this is this
is the number that given all the data
that you have you have a like I would
say an 80 percent degree of certainty
that you're going to go out and get this
done I always called this the Sterling
keeps his job number okay
quota this is what you build external
facing this is where every single rep
every every manager every leader they're
built around this quota number which is
a step up from from budget
right and then you want to make sure
that you have a what we call a go get
them the goal which is the stretch which
is something that you're probably only
going to do a couple of times a year but
you're going to celebrate the hell out
of it when you do
this framework was was incredibly
powerful for us because we got to be and
raise at a at a very high frequency most
of the time we would we would
push ourselves and come in between that
quota and that goal number and then we
got to raise our expectations
another thing that this model helps with
is you know it doesn't matter if you
beat your plan if the plan sucked if you
can you can be like hey you know our
number was 50 and we hit 51 but if 50
was the wrong number or if you could
have done 60 then you didn't do it right
and so this framework is remarkably
helpful for making sure that you protect
your downside and make sure you always
do what you say you're going to do but
that you also have upward mobility and
as soon as you go see what's possible
you can reset the expectation very
quickly
this allowed us to have remarkable
um it allowed us to have a lot of
credibility with our investors too
because you know we'd pitch them one
quarter and we'd show them kind of the
sensitivity and we would show them
budget quote a goal and then we would
come back and talk to them three six
months later they would check in on how
that went and this allowed us to be very
consistent and very credible with with
our board with within our our own teams
and with the external people that we
were talking to as well
third one here shorten the cycle I am a
huge believer in this and I've I've uh
I've debated this with many people
internally and externally one thing that
that we found out very early on
is that if we took our numbers and our
targets from quarterly to monthly
we saved ourselves a lot of Heartache
the reason I say that is because
if I am maniacally paying attention to
the month right I'm hinging my my number
and my expectations to the month I will
almost never have a quarterly problem
which is you know when we're when we're
talking to the board and when we have
some some accountability kind of outside
of the building
so I wanted to shorten the cycle as much
as we possibly could
the other thing that shortening the
cycle allows you to do is it allows you
to have 12 chances to be in raise during
a year instead of just four and so when
you look at your annual operating plan
and you you think about how how is this
going to look in 12 months well a lot
can change in 12 months and when we
would focus on a on a four week interval
we had years where we got to raise our
annual Target 12 times
and that allowed us to grow much faster
than if if we had operated in any other
way I've got a stack of cards here
because there's a there's a fun story
with this model
we uh we were again we moved to we moved
to monthly and we were reporting on on
everything weekly so we were we were
really cruising and something happened
with one of our largest customers at the
time they had their cards get
accidentally shipped to HQ
and also in in an error at the
at the card at the card manufacturer we
got four cards for each one person
but we had two days left until until the
end of that month and we needed to get
those cards in in folks hands because we
had shortened the cycle so myself our
head of product and in our head of
implementation worked on on a Friday
night until about four in the morning
sorting all these cards putting them in
envelopes getting the addresses on them
driving them
um the next morning to uh to FedEx and
getting them in customers hands
and the reason why that story goes with
this model is because when you when you
shorten the cycle and you demand more of
yourself in less time
you and your entire organization you get
scrappier you get more creative
necessity is the mother of creativity
and when you place artificial
constraints on on yourself and on your
team you have an ability to do a lot
more than you thought you could and it
will take you to Greater much Much
Greater Heights
t3v3 this was a very helpful formula for
us so t3b3 stands for top three and
bottom three
every quarter we would sit down with
every person in the organization we had
a little template top three bottom three
and we would list out the top three
superpowers that somebody had
and we would we would coach on how to
lean into those more and how to continue
to get the most out of out of their
abilities and then we would have the
bottom three which were the areas of
opportunity
what do we need to be working on what do
you if you're trying to go from a senior
manager to a director what are those
three key things that you need to
develop to be ready for for that kind of
a promotion right as an example
now there's a there's a trick to T3 B3
you not only do it for your direct
reports you have your direct reports do
it for you so it's it's it's bilateral
okay so I remember the first time that
uh that we implemented this and I I
asked everybody okay like you're gonna
rank me you know T3 B3 and man I had I
had some great t3s that was a rock star
and my b3s were you know pretty
wishy-washy and and I I went back and I
said like there is there is no way that
I don't have worse worse qualities or
Worse attributes that need to be worked
on like got to go back and do it again
and uh maybe maybe I shouldn't have done
that because when they came back those
were those were real those were a lot of
like warts and you got to look in the
mirror and figure out what what uh what
you need to do better but this created
such a healthy thing for us because in a
in a in a very non-confrontational way
we got to have incredibly direct
conversations and and people got to tell
their manager what what they felt like
they needed to work on it was it was a
very powerful thing because we all knew
where we stood at each moment in time
there was no question as to what your
leader thought you were doing well and
what what you thought you're doing
poorly and we were helping each other
work on those b3s we actually would
would present on them and say like hey
this is who I am these are the things
that I'm going to be working on
maniacally over the next three months
can you help me
so we helped each other and we got
better and we had a rule if uh if your
b3s if they stayed the same quarter over
quarter you know they'd start getting
highlighted you know yellow and in red
because you really wanted to see those
change we're always going to have things
that we can work on hopefully they're
not the same things over and over and
over again so T3 B3 was very was a very
helpful model for us
name number and North Star
a phrase that we circulated all the time
was if it doesn't have a name next to it
and it doesn't have a number it's not
going to happen just book it like it
will not happen it is it is a pipe dream
every single thing that we cared about
we had to be able to say well who's the
name that's responsible for that and
what is the number
and it it is complicated to have a
number for every function for example
how do you have a number for a creative
function in marketing right it gets it
gets hard it's it's easy when it's a
pipe number for marketing it's easy when
it's a revenue number for uh sales it's
easy when it's it's a usage metric or an
nrr metric for for customer success but
nonetheless even with the ones that are
tricky if you want it to happen
for us we believed it had to have a name
and it had to have a number and then
there's the third component to this
which is what's the North Star
what is it that everybody orients
themself around in in order to make sure
that they're prioritizing correctly so
we've got we've got a picture of a
whiteboard over here
we quite quite often would would sit
down and say that we wanted to to raise
our targets we wanted to go and Chase
remember I talked about budget quota
goal we would say hey we want to go get
goal and right now we don't like see a
great path to it we would pull in 20 of
of the most capable people that we had
and we would have a brainstorm and we
would say okay where is their
incremental incremental Revenue
incremental growth that we can that we
can go and Chase
and between those 20 people we would
brainstorm tons of ideas some of the
ideas were awful some of the ideas were
brilliant but we would brainstorm them
we would select them and people would
put their name next to their number and
their initiative
and and it was all oriented around well
what was our North Star well okay as
this as this group of Revenue leaders
were chasing goal we're saying screw
budget screw quota we're going for we're
going for our stretch goal
and
folks in in this particular uh in this
particular Sprint we uh we ended up we
set you see this number that we say you
know it's 821 million
um and then you can see the actuals
written written vertically there 8 21 8
you know got got there just just by by
the skin of our teeth but the principle
of this is you are constantly juggling
a series of glass balls
some of the balls that you're juggling
are glass some of the balls that you're
juggling are rubber and if everybody
knows what their North Star is you won't
drop a glass ball
you will understand what the priorities
are and you won't you won't allow a
glass ball to hit the floor
so everybody there's also an incredible
power in everybody being able to
understand what success looks like for
for them in their role so like your name
your number and your North Star end up
being end up being remarkably powerful
agents
the sixth one here
this is uh cell design build
we we learned this lesson the hard way
we would we would set out to launch a
new product or a new feature and and we
would be met with kind of a lackluster a
lackluster result right wow like how did
we get this wrong we were so sure that
people were going to be excited about
this you know we we did all the all the
customer interviews and and we looked at
everything we feel like we could have
cell design build was born out of that
frustration and and realizing that that
our resources were precious
so how did we how could we as a revenue
team make sure that the things that we
were advocating
for our product and Engineering Partners
to build were the right things we came
up with this framework so very simply
this framework is when you think you've
got the idea for the for the product or
the service you first go out and you
sell it
put together some duct tape and baling
wire version of it most of the time it
looks like a manual process or service
and you go out and you sell it
and you will find out very quickly are
people actually willing to use this are
people actually willing to pay for this
if so how much
and once you once you figure that out
then you can start designing by the way
it gives you a head start when you think
about designing because now you've gone
and you've gone and talked to 10 people
you've got 10 people sold on this thing
and they're using it and it's a it's
manual it's it's basically a service
thing going on in the background with
people you know pushing pushing
different things around
and you know what to design
because you now you're actually like
doing the flow and you know what the
actual needs of the customer are and you
know how it kind of looks on the back
end and so you get to design faster
and you go back to those customers who
you've sold and you show them these
things like hey how does how does this
look is this going to make it better or
worse than than the way that we're
handling this for you today and then you
get a high degree of confidence in the
design and then you go and build
and this saved us so much time and so
much energy and it's precious
because when you are again when you're
trying to get big fast you don't have
time for missteps
they're very costly cell design build
minimizes those
um the picture here is uh with with
myself and our head of product because
this is what we would spend a lot of our
time doing this particular trip
um we were we went out to we went out to
Detroit
um and we were we were doing this
we're saying hey we have a new idea
we had sort of a Target in mind for if
we could get enough people sold if we
could get enough folks bought in and
actually using using the thing that we
were going to go and build it and uh and
and we talked to three customers in in
this particular day and we were getting
getting on the plane coming back home
and you know we had we had just barely
gotten the last person to to commit and
go over uh go over the goal that we had
to set out and actually start designing
and building something and uh had a
product decided that was as good a
reason as I need to take a nap on on the
airport airport floor there
um
these are all
by Design very simple
there's no there's no Pythagorean
theorem up there there's no rocket
science these things are simple
and that's what that's what makes them
powerful and that's what makes them easy
for everybody to understand and operate
against but they are not easy
and they are not easy to do consistently
over a long period of time these things
took years for for us to get really
really good at and for us to be able to
go to any person at any part of the
organization and and they would be able
to to operate this exact way so as you
think about
as you think about getting started or
implementing any of these models that
might be helpful for you consistency is
the key
so let's say that you thought three out
of those six were total crap but three
had some Merit and you want you want to
go you want to go work on three make
sure that you that you focus on
consistency over over anything else
because it gets very easy to get
convoluted and too much just kind of
breaks breaks our brains and we don't
end up doing any of it so again a quick
a quick recap here before we get into q
a
um align the funnel
figure out how to have a singular owner
figure out how to reduce friction figure
out how to create virtuous Cycles within
your own funnel
like here's an interesting thought
exercise as you think about aligning the
funnel what could you do today to make
marketing care more about what sales
cares about what could you do today to
make sales care more about what
implementation cares about and if you
start going down that path you will you
will come up with ideas about how to
align your funnel and reduce friction
budget quote a goal make sure that you
are protecting your business another
another very virtuous
part of budget quota goal is you build a
finance plan around that budget number
it prevents you from over hiring
prevents you from overspending and and
again creates sort of a safe environment
for you to go and Chase the upside go do
something very very aggressive very very
hard but do it in a way that's that
protects your culture because you're
going to be winning do it in a way that
protects your reputation because the
board and your investors they're going
to see you beat and raise but do it
within this framework because otherwise
you're simply choosing between sort of
the lesser of of two evils
shorten the cycle
to make sure you never drop a glass ball
as you're juggling all all these
important things make sure you never
drop a glass ball shorten that cycle
if your business today runs on quarters
figure out how to run it in months
you give yourself 12 chances
to beat and raise you give yourself 12
chances to correct mistakes you give
yourself 12 chances
to have a higher growth rate at the end
of the year
shorten shorten the cycle by the way the
be totally remiss if I didn't mention if
something is getting really hard
if you're behind you need to shorten the
cycle even more so if you're forecasting
and you're and you're saying hey I don't
I don't think we're going to get there
in whatever time period you've chosen
we're not going to get there this month
then you better be meeting on a weekly
basis the scorecards that your team is
sending you better be coming in every
night at the end of the night because
you need to shorten the cycle to give
you more chances to figure out what's
working and what's not and to get those
feedbacks those feedback loops faster so
that you can actually correct the
problem before it's a real problem again
put those constraints on yourself and
nobody else will have to
T3 B3 give everybody in the organization
a chance to give very valid feedback to
to their leaders and to their and to
their team but also give them a chance
to know where they stand
it's an easy way to have this
conversation
every quarter and then set out to
maximize strengths and work on
weaknesses
and nobody has to wonder well how does
my boss feel about me
there's a lot of your high performers
that believe it or not they walk around
every day wondering if you hate them if
you're going to fire them and you're
like whoa I I think I think you're the I
think the world of you they don't know
that unless you're having these kinds of
conversations this is a model that
forces that into into your normal
rhythms name number in North Star
again if it doesn't have someone's name
and a number it's not going to happen so
don't go promise it to a customer don't
go promise it to your board don't
promise it to your CEO
but if it does
then you can have ultimate
accountability and you can prioritize
against the things that the organization
deems most important
cell design build
when you have an idea when you have a
product when you have a new channel when
you have anything that's worth testing
go out and sell it first
and if you can do it in sort of its most
nascent form
then you can design something then you
can build something then you can you can
have a level of confidence in in what
you're doing and you will have a lot
more success and you can snuff out bad
ideas well before they cost you tons of
time and tons of money so those are
those are six of of the go to Market
operating models that uh that we that we
used and we've got some time for
questions if anyone wants to dive into
into any of them thank you
thank you
thank you very much for fantastic
presentation I had one question about
the shortened this cycle
and my learning is that the customers
moving they've got a purchase process in
their own shadow so how did you use this
to kind of look at the different leads
and cases that you have yeah it's a it's
a great question basically the the idea
is well the customers have they're the
ones who set you know what what their
what their timing is on all these things
but what what I've learned is that we
can influence that a lot more than we
think we can and there's only one way to
find out right and so you try it and I I
remember especially with you know our
mid-market team the whole argument was
well you know Sterling these are these
are much larger customers they need a
lot more time they have a lot more
processes we have to get through from
you know procurement to all these
different things and and the truth is is
once we moved it was hard I'm not not
saying it's easy it was very hard but we
could influence that and we could take
more control of that than we thought
previously
so
thank you yep
hey um
when we think about goal achievement
you talk about you know hitting
budget hitting and hitting quota Target
which is OTE how do you remunerate or do
you remunerate against it in goal or is
it just the celebration you mentioned no
no we we definitely built in mechanisms
for that to be more advantageous for
what we were chasing here's an
interesting an interesting point we sort
of had classic accelerators and
decelerators once you know based off of
the the quota line right
but when we would when we would go after
those those stretch goals a lot of times
we used it as an opportunity to take the
money that we would have spent and put
that into like some kind of a really
cool almost extravagant activity that we
did as an entire team and they became
these these pushes that we really looked
forward to and we wanted to hit because
that was when everyone would bring their
plus ones and we'd go to a really nice
you know Ski Lodge or we would do
something special but the simple answer
to your question is yes we would change
you know the compensation obviously
change you'd get into your accelerators
once you got over once you got over goal
and you'd be in decelerators at certain
percents below quota so thank you so so
when someone is so the whole team
basically so the goal requires the whole
team to hit if the whole team hits then
everyone goes well the goal is sort of a
raw number so it's not like everybody
everybody would hit their goals some
people are coming in at quota or budget
but when it rolls up it would actually
like when you looked at our our plan for
the month or the quarter we had to be
above that
thank you yep
uh hey nice to meet you I like the part
where you say um that marketing has to
be accountable for you know for extreme
ownership as well as like sales right
yeah
um and for me the interesting part is
that how to make marketing more
accountable and you were mentioning the
creative roles in marketing what sort of
goals maybe you can uncover did you use
for marketing to you know like hey guys
you have to stay put yeah so marketing
always marketing had a quota for us for
from the beginning of time and the quota
was essentially based in two parts so we
had the pipe right the like by the way
this is converted opportunities so it's
actually like a sales rep would convert
the opportunity then that counts towards
you know the marketing goal so again
you're driving the alignment but then
marketing was again based on closed one
right closed one new Revenue and so they
have that number and they have that
responsibility and you need to set that
up and in my experience
um great marketers love that and bad
marketers run away from that very very
fast like I talk about it a ton in the
interview like hey this is how we
structure it and you know you're gonna
you're gonna be a demand gen person here
and like this is how this is how we run
it and it was a very good sorting
function because the bad ones are like
no no no no I'm working on other stuff
so when you talk about the creative
roles well they're doing a lot of other
things right they're they're working on
brand they're working on different
things you still have to figure out how
to tie that back into into those those
things as best as you can it's not
perfect but you have to work on it and
sitting down having smart people talk
about it and debate it you figure out
what works for you how did you measure
brand what's that how did you measure
brand like well so like we would we
would have brand would like have a
number I know that's like heresy to a
lot of people
um but brand would have a number and
their number was the organic number okay
so like I'm saying okay you want credit
for basically everything that's fine the
organic number right so everything we
didn't use Performance Marketing dollars
for that starts to uh that starts to to
get wrapped into into that yep
quick question so completely agree on
apps towards pipeline agree on marketing
uh Revenue towards uh your what however
you measure your yearly goals
our struggle is
how do you ensure that when that lead
closes in a closed one how do you
determine marketing or sales right
because I feel like well marketing
brought it in for you as an inbound lead
yeah but we were already chasing it
ahead of time and then that causes
friction between the two teams yeah and
so managing through that because we what
we don't want is everyone has to
participate in in the final goal how do
you make sure that you don't drive that
friction between the two teams so it's a
really good question the first thing you
have to do is to make that matter just a
little bit less
make it more about the overall goal that
you're chasing together than about what
portion of this is marketing Source what
portion of this is coming from outbound
what portion of this is coming from
Channel that stuff matters but you have
to make it matter less than the overall
goal
then you're getting into things like
well do you want to do last touch
attribution like what what model best
suits you and you kind of just have to
set those rules as best you can and and
live with there being some gaps and some
inconsistencies but the the underlying
principle is make it way more about the
overall goal that you're chasing put
people on the same team instead of
splitting them out and saying well you
know like marketing's over here and like
we did our job but sales you know
outbound missed this month and they
didn't do it so marketing good job sales
bad job there's no such thing like we
either got the job done together or we
didn't and sometimes that's going to
mean that marketing sourced is going to
Sky is going to is going to beat by a
lot and sales is going to struggle
sometimes it's going to mean the exact
opposite
so um just just work on on making sure
everybody's aligned to the right North
Star and then when you're when you're
splitting things out by line item that
should be secondary
hi um I really like the model of name
number and North Star
um what would be kind of bring that to
life a couple of examples of would that
be Sam your job is 812 million this
month and the North Star is Wharton and
also how do you avoid having a we've got
like 20 different things all on exam
yeah it's it's a great question so
here's here's what here's what it looks
like in practice okay
in practice people can have their name
next to several different numbers for
example a VP of customer success like
let's say they have an expansion number
that has their name next to it let's say
that they have an nrr an ndr number that
their name is next to it and you're
going to have multiple but you do have
to like clearly Define the North Star
for the entire organization so most of
the time that's like that's like an ARR
number that's a usage number that's you
know what you know what new logos like
what is the model driver for your
business and that is that is the North
Star and that's why it's so important to
have a North star is because you will
have your name next to several several
different numbers you will be
responsible for for multiple things at
once that we can't simplify it down to
just one and one so you have to know
what the North Star is so that you can
prioritize appropriately and know which
is a glass ball that you won't drop
under any circumstances
foreign
I love the concept of swing that he
introduced
I'm not sure I uh in my experience the
water surface is the same because
I work with sales teams and it often
feels like white water rafting rather
than being on a smooth surface yeah how
do you
look for swing
when it often feels like all you want to
do is for everyone to stay in the boat
and to negotiate the river
great analogy um it is a lot it is a lot
like white water rafting
um the the way that that I think about
swing
is not necessarily that like there's
there's no variations and
and you know we're in smooth Waters just
going as fast as we can I think about it
as
is everybody who has an aura is
everybody who has a paddle are they in
sync with each other because I don't you
know if you're going like this or if
you're going like that I need to make
sure that you're all in sync that you're
not turned around yelling at somebody
over there that I'm not like that
because a lot of times you'll have to
play policeman if this if this goes
poorly you have someone's data set over
here telling one story you have a
different person's telling another and
you're trying to mediate a dispute and
see whose fault it is and who's in
trouble that is what we're trying to to
completely get rid of we're all focused
we all know where we're going we're all
rowing in the same direction and we're
all doing it with the same amount of
force whether you're going over some
waves or whether it's a smooth sailing
and to be I I don't know what smooth
sailing is either I don't think that
exists but you want you want those uh
you want those teams to be rowing in the
same direction together
that's what it means
ah
on the beat B3 T3 yep what were the
actual questions
that you were asking yes so top three
bottom three so if you and me were
having this I would have a template and
it would say what are your top three
strengths the things that I'm noticing
in you this particular quarter that that
are just amazing you're a great hirer
you're a great recruiter whatever what
and then bottom three is what are the
things that I as your manager am
identifying that you need to work on
okay well you're not you're not
organized enough or you're not like
whatever it is but the questions are
what are your top three superpowers and
what are your bottom three weaknesses
and we're going to write those out we're
going to talk about them and we're going
to make those the subject of our of our
one-on-ones for for this this quarter
I wanted to pick up uh there was this
one image and you mentioned the head of
product was taking a nap at the airport
and you ran like the sales tour and
freaking funny products man so how do
you basically get the product on doing
like a crazy you know tour like this
review that is a great question and the
answer is
you have to make sure that his his or
her North Star is the same as yours
because our North stars are the exact
same right and that is we need to get
here by the end of the year right we
have to we have to expand we have to
launch new things we have to get there
and our North Star is the same so you're
on the same flights you're talking to
the same customers again you have
different jobs I'm not trying to make it
seem like you don't but you have to be
aligned with that person by the way it
goes for Finance in particular too and
if you can align those functions with
the same North Star they'll be on the
plane they'll be on the plane right next
to you
good stuff thanks
okay I think that's it thanks everybody